[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi all! I'm one of the SIParCS interns working on the GeoCAT project, and I am looking to talk with some NCL users to see how they use the NCL <a href=\"https://www.ncl.ucar.edu/Document/Functions/climo.shtml\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://www.ncl.ucar.edu/Document/Functions/climo.shtml\">climatology functions</a>, what functionality is important to them, and what improvements could be made when these functions are added to the geocat-comp Python library. If any of you would be willing to talk over a Google meet, please let me know. Thanks!</p>",
        "id": 34275,
        "sender_full_name": "Rose Craker",
        "timestamp": 1623679161
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This might be a good topic for a future ESDS meeting? <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"14\">@Matt Long</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"25\">@Deepak Cherian</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"134\">@Max Grover</span></p>",
        "id": 34416,
        "sender_full_name": "Katie Dagon",
        "timestamp": 1623773611
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>For sure! I chatted with <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"107\">@Rose Craker</span> this morning and updated her on some of our discussions..</p>",
        "id": 34418,
        "sender_full_name": "Max Grover",
        "timestamp": 1623773678
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"47\">@Katie Dagon</span> if you all end up having a discussion about this, would I be able to listen in or get a summary of what your group needs from GeoCAT? We'd love the input</p>",
        "id": 34420,
        "sender_full_name": "Rose Craker",
        "timestamp": 1623773935
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"+1\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f44d\" role=\"img\" title=\"+1\">:+1:</span> on future ESDS meeting discussion for sure. But just want to point out that <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"107\">@Rose Craker</span> is a SIParCS summer intern and will only be here 10 short weeks!. Thanks for reaching out <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"134\">@Max Grover</span> . Appreciate anyone that can give Rose some guidance hopefully in the next week or so.</p>",
        "id": 34421,
        "sender_full_name": "John Clyne",
        "timestamp": 1623773972
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"107\">@Rose Craker</span> absolutely we would plan the discussion for a time you can attend (typically Mondays at 2pm MT), maybe in the next few weeks given the short timeline.</p>",
        "id": 34431,
        "sender_full_name": "Katie Dagon",
        "timestamp": 1623774445
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"47\">@Katie Dagon</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"134\">@Max Grover</span>  Any word on discussing climatology and time series calculations during an ESDS meeting?</p>",
        "id": 35867,
        "sender_full_name": "Heather Craker",
        "timestamp": 1624974630
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"107\">@Rose Craker</span> our next ESDS meeting will be July 12 since this upcoming Monday is a holiday. Perhaps we could set up a separate GeoCAT-diagnostics meeting to discuss this? Thoughts <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"14\">@Matt Long</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"8\">@Kevin Paul</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"18\">@Orhan Eroglu</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"19\">@John Clyne</span>  here is a link to the <a href=\"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZOl79XYULKiW6bbKWhmy-DMTtCtn2k1oADyJYLxBEio/edit?usp=sharing\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZOl79XYULKiW6bbKWhmy-DMTtCtn2k1oADyJYLxBEio/edit?usp=sharing\">synthesized diagnostics discussion notes</a> from the CESM workshop.</p>",
        "id": 35885,
        "sender_full_name": "Max Grover",
        "timestamp": 1624977115
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I originally wanted feedback for a specific set of functionallity that I have been working on for geocat-comp, but I'm happy to have this expand into a starter discussion for more colaboration between the ESDS group, CESM users, and GeoCAT! I have some targested questions for you all, but a two-way Q&amp;A/discussion could be helpful to ensure we don't have redundent groups working on the same problems.</p>",
        "id": 35891,
        "sender_full_name": "Heather Craker",
        "timestamp": 1624978016
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"107\">Rose Craker</span> our next ESDS meeting will be July 12 since this upcoming Monday is a holiday. Perhaps we could set up a separate GeoCAT-diagnostics meeting to discuss this? Thoughts <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"14\">Matt Long</span> <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"8\">Kevin Paul</span> <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"18\">Orhan Eroglu</span> <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"19\">John Clyne</span>  here is a link to the <a href=\"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZOl79XYULKiW6bbKWhmy-DMTtCtn2k1oADyJYLxBEio/edit?usp=sharing\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZOl79XYULKiW6bbKWhmy-DMTtCtn2k1oADyJYLxBEio/edit?usp=sharing\">synthesized diagnostics discussion notes</a> from the CESM workshop.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>As <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"107\">@Rose Craker</span>  suggested, this was something we aimed for discussing about s specific functionality quickly; however, a broader discussion meeting would also work for us, whichever works best for the attendees.</p>",
        "id": 35939,
        "sender_full_name": "Orhan Eroglu",
        "timestamp": 1624989324
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"107\">@Rose Craker</span>  Following up on this - perhaps it would be good to give an ESDS work-in-progress talk at the meeting on July 12? I understand this timing might not be ideal, but this would a good space to present your progress and gather feedback from the group!</p>",
        "id": 36114,
        "sender_full_name": "Max Grover",
        "timestamp": 1625149976
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd be happy to do that! I don't have enough content for a whole separate meeting, so I think this will work better. Can you send me the meeting details?</p>",
        "id": 36119,
        "sender_full_name": "Heather Craker",
        "timestamp": 1625151061
    }
]