<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>User Stories · python-questions · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="http://127.0.0.1:4000/html/stream/10-python-questions/index.html">python-questions</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="http://127.0.0.1:4000/html/stream/10-python-questions/topic/User.20Stories.html">User Stories</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://zulip2.cloud.ucar.edu">

<head><link href="http://127.0.0.1:4000/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="34275"></a>
<h4><a href="https://zulip2.cloud.ucar.edu#narrow/stream/10-python-questions/topic/User%20Stories/near/34275" class="zl"><img src="http://127.0.0.1:4000/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Heather Craker <a href="http://127.0.0.1:4000/html/stream/10-python-questions/topic/User.20Stories.html#34275">(Jun 14 2021 at 13:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi all! I'm one of the SIParCS interns working on the GeoCAT project, and I am looking to talk with some NCL users to see how they use the NCL <a href="https://www.ncl.ucar.edu/Document/Functions/climo.shtml" target="_blank" title="https://www.ncl.ucar.edu/Document/Functions/climo.shtml">climatology functions</a>, what functionality is important to them, and what improvements could be made when these functions are added to the geocat-comp Python library. If any of you would be willing to talk over a Google meet, please let me know. Thanks!</p>



<a name="34416"></a>
<h4><a href="https://zulip2.cloud.ucar.edu#narrow/stream/10-python-questions/topic/User%20Stories/near/34416" class="zl"><img src="http://127.0.0.1:4000/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Katie Dagon <a href="http://127.0.0.1:4000/html/stream/10-python-questions/topic/User.20Stories.html#34416">(Jun 15 2021 at 16:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>This might be a good topic for a future ESDS meeting? <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="14">@Matt Long</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="25">@Deepak Cherian</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="134">@Max Grover</span></p>



<a name="34418"></a>
<h4><a href="https://zulip2.cloud.ucar.edu#narrow/stream/10-python-questions/topic/User%20Stories/near/34418" class="zl"><img src="http://127.0.0.1:4000/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Max Grover <a href="http://127.0.0.1:4000/html/stream/10-python-questions/topic/User.20Stories.html#34418">(Jun 15 2021 at 16:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>For sure! I chatted with <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="107">@Rose Craker</span> this morning and updated her on some of our discussions..</p>



<a name="34420"></a>
<h4><a href="https://zulip2.cloud.ucar.edu#narrow/stream/10-python-questions/topic/User%20Stories/near/34420" class="zl"><img src="http://127.0.0.1:4000/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Heather Craker <a href="http://127.0.0.1:4000/html/stream/10-python-questions/topic/User.20Stories.html#34420">(Jun 15 2021 at 16:18)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="47">@Katie Dagon</span> if you all end up having a discussion about this, would I be able to listen in or get a summary of what your group needs from GeoCAT? We'd love the input</p>



<a name="34421"></a>
<h4><a href="https://zulip2.cloud.ucar.edu#narrow/stream/10-python-questions/topic/User%20Stories/near/34421" class="zl"><img src="http://127.0.0.1:4000/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John Clyne <a href="http://127.0.0.1:4000/html/stream/10-python-questions/topic/User.20Stories.html#34421">(Jun 15 2021 at 16:19)</a>:</h4>
<p><span aria-label="+1" class="emoji emoji-1f44d" role="img" title="+1">:+1:</span> on future ESDS meeting discussion for sure. But just want to point out that <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="107">@Rose Craker</span> is a SIParCS summer intern and will only be here 10 short weeks!. Thanks for reaching out <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="134">@Max Grover</span> . Appreciate anyone that can give Rose some guidance hopefully in the next week or so.</p>



<a name="34431"></a>
<h4><a href="https://zulip2.cloud.ucar.edu#narrow/stream/10-python-questions/topic/User%20Stories/near/34431" class="zl"><img src="http://127.0.0.1:4000/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Katie Dagon <a href="http://127.0.0.1:4000/html/stream/10-python-questions/topic/User.20Stories.html#34431">(Jun 15 2021 at 16:27)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="107">@Rose Craker</span> absolutely we would plan the discussion for a time you can attend (typically Mondays at 2pm MT), maybe in the next few weeks given the short timeline.</p>



<a name="35867"></a>
<h4><a href="https://zulip2.cloud.ucar.edu#narrow/stream/10-python-questions/topic/User%20Stories/near/35867" class="zl"><img src="http://127.0.0.1:4000/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Heather Craker <a href="http://127.0.0.1:4000/html/stream/10-python-questions/topic/User.20Stories.html#35867">(Jun 29 2021 at 13:50)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="47">@Katie Dagon</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="134">@Max Grover</span>  Any word on discussing climatology and time series calculations during an ESDS meeting?</p>



<a name="35885"></a>
<h4><a href="https://zulip2.cloud.ucar.edu#narrow/stream/10-python-questions/topic/User%20Stories/near/35885" class="zl"><img src="http://127.0.0.1:4000/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Max Grover <a href="http://127.0.0.1:4000/html/stream/10-python-questions/topic/User.20Stories.html#35885">(Jun 29 2021 at 14:31)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="107">@Rose Craker</span> our next ESDS meeting will be July 12 since this upcoming Monday is a holiday. Perhaps we could set up a separate GeoCAT-diagnostics meeting to discuss this? Thoughts <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="14">@Matt Long</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="8">@Kevin Paul</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="18">@Orhan Eroglu</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="19">@John Clyne</span>  here is a link to the <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZOl79XYULKiW6bbKWhmy-DMTtCtn2k1oADyJYLxBEio/edit?usp=sharing" target="_blank" title="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZOl79XYULKiW6bbKWhmy-DMTtCtn2k1oADyJYLxBEio/edit?usp=sharing">synthesized diagnostics discussion notes</a> from the CESM workshop.</p>



<a name="35891"></a>
<h4><a href="https://zulip2.cloud.ucar.edu#narrow/stream/10-python-questions/topic/User%20Stories/near/35891" class="zl"><img src="http://127.0.0.1:4000/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Heather Craker <a href="http://127.0.0.1:4000/html/stream/10-python-questions/topic/User.20Stories.html#35891">(Jun 29 2021 at 14:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>I originally wanted feedback for a specific set of functionallity that I have been working on for geocat-comp, but I'm happy to have this expand into a starter discussion for more colaboration between the ESDS group, CESM users, and GeoCAT! I have some targested questions for you all, but a two-way Q&amp;A/discussion could be helpful to ensure we don't have redundent groups working on the same problems.</p>



<a name="35939"></a>
<h4><a href="https://zulip2.cloud.ucar.edu#narrow/stream/10-python-questions/topic/User%20Stories/near/35939" class="zl"><img src="http://127.0.0.1:4000/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Orhan Eroglu <a href="http://127.0.0.1:4000/html/stream/10-python-questions/topic/User.20Stories.html#35939">(Jun 29 2021 at 17:55)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="107">Rose Craker</span> our next ESDS meeting will be July 12 since this upcoming Monday is a holiday. Perhaps we could set up a separate GeoCAT-diagnostics meeting to discuss this? Thoughts <span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="14">Matt Long</span> <span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="8">Kevin Paul</span> <span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="18">Orhan Eroglu</span> <span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="19">John Clyne</span>  here is a link to the <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZOl79XYULKiW6bbKWhmy-DMTtCtn2k1oADyJYLxBEio/edit?usp=sharing" target="_blank" title="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZOl79XYULKiW6bbKWhmy-DMTtCtn2k1oADyJYLxBEio/edit?usp=sharing">synthesized diagnostics discussion notes</a> from the CESM workshop.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>As <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="107">@Rose Craker</span>  suggested, this was something we aimed for discussing about s specific functionality quickly; however, a broader discussion meeting would also work for us, whichever works best for the attendees.</p>



<a name="36114"></a>
<h4><a href="https://zulip2.cloud.ucar.edu#narrow/stream/10-python-questions/topic/User%20Stories/near/36114" class="zl"><img src="http://127.0.0.1:4000/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Max Grover <a href="http://127.0.0.1:4000/html/stream/10-python-questions/topic/User.20Stories.html#36114">(Jul 01 2021 at 14:32)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="107">@Rose Craker</span>  Following up on this - perhaps it would be good to give an ESDS work-in-progress talk at the meeting on July 12? I understand this timing might not be ideal, but this would a good space to present your progress and gather feedback from the group!</p>



<a name="36119"></a>
<h4><a href="https://zulip2.cloud.ucar.edu#narrow/stream/10-python-questions/topic/User%20Stories/near/36119" class="zl"><img src="http://127.0.0.1:4000/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Heather Craker <a href="http://127.0.0.1:4000/html/stream/10-python-questions/topic/User.20Stories.html#36119">(Jul 01 2021 at 14:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'd be happy to do that! I don't have enough content for a whole separate meeting, so I think this will work better. Can you send me the meeting details?</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Dec 17 2024 at 18:57 UTC</p>
</html>